refactor: Separate data management paragraph into its own document (#62)
tue-datastewards/research-data-management-handbook: docs/before-research/data-paragraph/data-paragraph.md

How will you store data after the project? Which datasets are going to be made publicly available? Which are not and why (what are the constraints)?

**Example sentence: open data**
> Data not subject to access restrictions (e.g. for reasons of ethics, confidentiality, or IP protection) will be disseminated via a trustworthy and compliant data repository (such as 4TU.ResearchData or Zenodo) under a Creative Commons license. Data published in this way follows the FAIR principles and is available open access.

:::tip
Data relevant to substantiate the research results as well as the data and project documentation (including, for example, the data management plan, informed consent signed by participants, and agreements) should be preserved for at least 10 years.
::: 

**Example sentence: archiving**
>In accordance with the Netherlands Code of Conduct for Research Integrity all research data and documents relevant for the execution of the project and related to the data handling will be stored for reasons of scientific validation and integrity for 10 years after completion of the project with restricted access. This preservation will take place on a TU/e archive system[^1][^2].

> [^2]: See also: [Step-by-step guide on archival package](https://tue.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AP/pages/2813460512)

Reviewer: Change to the public link.

```suggestion
[^2]: See also: [Step-by-step guide on archival package](https://tue.atlassian.net/wiki/external/NjYxZDExZmQ2YzYzNGM3MzhjOWEyNGQwOTgyY2YyZGE)
```

:::tip
If relevant, mention the research support and/or resources available at no additional cost.
:::

**Example sentence I: support available**
> To ensure that data collection in the project adheres to the highest ethical and privacy standards, all studies will undergo prior screening and approval by relevant parties, including the Ethics Review Board, Data Stewards Team, and Privacy Team, as appropriate. Additionally, the university provides dedicated staff to offer support in areas such as Research IT infrastructure, Open Access, intellectual property, and legal matters.

**Example sentence II: 4TU.ResearchData repository**
> 4TU.ResearchData is able to archive 100GB of data per researcher per year free of charge for all TU/e researchers. We do not expect to exceed this and therefore there are no additional costs for long-term preservation.
  

### Useful links

- [Funder requirements](../funder-requirements/funder-requirements.md)

- [Data Management Advice for NWO grants](https://zenodo.org/records/7944134)

- [Writing a data management plan | Radboud University](https://www.ru.nl/rdm/planning-research/data-management-paragraph/)

> - [Data paragraphs etc](https://tue.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/~5fc658510dd553006fc5a533/pages/2857828407)

Reviewer: This link goes to the internal page that requires login. Can we make this Confluence page public, and put the public link here?

Author: I can check with Adelya/Siyang. Perhaps we could remove this page if it is not their intention to keep the information updated there and we could keep this page as the main reference.
